#labels Phase-Implementation
#Wikipage detailing the content of each version and future work.

= GTText Versions  =

Follow the improvements of each version with the improvements
help its performance as well as future work devised.
 

== Version List ==

===Update 1.1.2===

  *  Faster performance

Default !GetPixel() [http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/keze95wt(VS.80).aspx [1]] of MFC is very slow [http://www.experts-exchange.com/Programming/System/Windows__Programming/MFC/Q_23756952.html [2]]
, so it has substituted
by a !GetPixelFast() that access directly to memory to get the color and having checked  forehand the limit cases. (+ extra check while debugging)


  *  New mode of region selection

The !FillFlood() [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flood_fill [3]] new mode works checking the color distance with the origin instead of the neighbor pixel.
This mode of getting the distance from the clicking pixel proves useful when regions have
a predominant color different from the background (draw backs is it depends exactly where
you click, similar to !MagicWand TM Photoshop). Feel free to use the other two modes that use gradient region properties when necessary. 

  *  Higher scalability for up to 70MP

An overall avoidance of the refreshing of the whole file but just when loading it the first time has made
the software possible to handle huge images, only limited by the memory and the intrinsic size of the image (12 bytes x (#)pixels is now ~= (O) the memory cost).

  *  Compressed Ground Truth data definition

Information stored as runs (x,y,r) instead than single pixels (x,y)


===Update 1.2.1===

  *  Improved pixel edition tool

The execution of pointer movements captures as being discrete make difficult a continuity of the pixel drawing. To solve this a drawing from last point captured and the new one has been made to smooth the pen drawing tool, noticing the difference in high loaded cpu moments.

===New Update 1.2.2===

  *  Improved the installation package

The installation now includes the pre-warper exe file that Windows versions use to check the system and old versions too prevent the msi package from possible failures.
GTText_1.2.2.exe file will then self extract and install all the software with better system check.

  *  Faster Cut option

The cut tool has been speed up notably (One of the tools left to be speed from previous versions).

  * Minor visual smooth changes

Even less blinks

==References==
[http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/keze95wt(VS.80).aspx [1]] http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/keze95wt(VS.80).aspx

[http://www.experts-exchange.com/Programming/System/Windows__Programming/MFC/Q_23756952.html [2]] http://www.experts-exchange.com/Programming/System/Windows__Programming/MFC/Q_23756952.html

[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flood_fill [3]] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flood_fill